Update README.md (#35)
h2floh/GeoDistributedAzureBot: README.md

- [Node.js & npm](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) >= 8.5
- [LUIS CLI](https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-tools/tree/master/packages/LUIS) >=2.6.2 
- Be logged into Azure CLI and having Subscription Level Owner or Contributor rights on the "isDefault" marked subscription
- You can also running the deployment in the docker container following the steps below:

>      1. Clone the repo to the local driver;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     1. Clone the repo to your local drive
```

>      2. Install the image of  the h2floh/geobotagent which has the prerequisite software installed: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     2. Pull the docker image `h2floh/geobotagent` which has the prerequisite software installed: 
```

         `
         docker pull  h2floh/geobotagent
         `

>      3. In your docker setting, ensure the driver contains the repo is shared and would be available to your containers created in next step. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     3. In your docker setting, ensure the drive, which contains the repo, is shared and would be available to your containers created in next step. 
```

     4. Execute the command on your terminial: 

         `

>          docker run -it --name <botname> --mount type=bind,source="$(pwd)"/GeoDistributedAzureBot,target=/<foldername> h2floh/geobotagent:latest bin/bash

Reviewer: Doesn't the command have to be `pwsh`?

Reviewer 2: I also never tried using bash! 😏

         `

>          The command is to [mount](https://docs.docker.com/storage/bind-mounts/) an existing folder to the docker container and start the container from bash terminal. The mounted files will be located in the target place specified by the foldername. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         The command will [mount](https://docs.docker.com/storage/bind-mounts/) the existing folder to the docker container and start the container from bash terminal. The mounted files will be located in the target place specified by `<foldername>`. 
```
